So next, we're going to discuss deep learning containers.
Now I introduced these earlier within the course,
but now I want to look at them in a little bit more detail.
So just as a refresher,
deep learning containers are pre‑configured Docker containers
for common machine learning frameworks.
Now what that means is,
not only do you have the framework built in on these containers,
but also much of the configuration that's required for things like GPU
support has also been built into the container already.
And you can choose to leverage these containers with AWS services like EC2,
ECS, and EKS.
Now right now, the supported frameworks are TensorFlow,
MXNet, and Pytorch,
and there are specific versions of each framework that are
supported with deep learning containers.
Now a few general notes.
First of all,
there are versions of each framework for Elastic Inference that a also included.
So if you want to leverage Elastic Inference, again that partial GPU support,
you need to be sure that you're picking a container that already
has that support built in. Next, deep learning containers can
support both training and inference.
However,
you need to be sure that you're picking the correct one because there
will be pre‑built versions for training or inference.
Now next, fault‑tolerant architectures are possible,
but you need to follow the service best practices
depending on which service you're using.
So, for example,
if you're using EC2 and you want to spin up your own infrastructure
using a deep learning container for inference,
you'll be responsible for setting up an autoscaling group and
putting an application load balancer on the front end of it to
make sure that it's configured properly.
That's just one example.
So instead of relying on SageMaker and the best practices for that service,
you need to be sure that you know the service you're deploying on well enough to implement a fault‑tolerant architecture there.